Add default prometheus address (#1139)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

  ```bash
  "SHOW_KYMA_VERSION": {
    "isEnabled": true
  },
  ```

- **SSO_LOGIN** – is used to configure data necessary for the SSO login such as an issuer address, client’s ID, and scopes.

  ```bash
  "SSO_LOGIN": {
    "isEnabled": true,
    "config": {
      "issuerUrl": "https://kymatest.accounts400.ondemand.com",
      "scope": "openid",
      "clientId": "9bd05ed7-a930-44e6-8c79-e6defeb7dec9"
    }
  },
  ```

- **PROMETHEUS** – is used to show or hide the **Prometheus** metrics graphs. You can configure which endpoint exposes the metrics data in the **path** field.

  ```bash
  "PROMETHEUS": {
    "isEnabled": true,
    "config": {
      "path": "api/v1/namespaces/kyma-system/services/monitoring-prometheus:web/proxy/api/v1"
    }
  },
  ```

> - **VISUAL_RESOURCES** – configures if the resource graphs should be rendered at resources details views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **VISUAL_RESOURCES** – determines if the resource graphs should be rendered at a resource details view.
```
